## Warbler Variable Font Showcase
This site is a way for viewers to see what a variable font is, what they can do, and the brief inspiration behind the variable font Warbler. This project is a solution for the Variable font site assignment for Lara Henderson's AXD 254 Web Typography class at the University of Massechusetts: Dartmouth. The design for this page was inspired partially by old school novels and field journals. It displays an animated version of Warbler (a variable font created by David Johnathan Roth), and illustrations of insects and a plant that are part of the diet of a warbler.
## Process
This project started with research into different variable fonts and variable fonts in general. After finding warbler and reading Roth's inspiration for the font I wanted to lean into the discovery aspect of what this font was based off of. Code written by Prof. Lara Henderson was used to start this site and I made visual, organizational, and informational edits to the code and site in order to create the site as I had invisioned. Coding the animated overlaying header and varations was what took up the first bulk of my time. The design was achieved by editing the top margin of the all caps font and reducing the color value instead of the opacity (changing te opacity of something brings it to the front of the elements). Then setting up the grid template for the hero section was what took up the other bulk amount of timne. That came down to changinging variable measurments for the grid to fixed measurements.